# FIX-MYIIT-MASTER
Master Repo for Project 2

Austin Cheng Project 2 Turn-In
1. I tried my best to follow conventions of human centered design but I was hampered by my own lack of css skills and I was unable to completely implement the dsigns I wanted to. I kep the login page simple and clean and created quick link buttons on the welcome page to keep the user experience as effortless as possible. I had hoped to implement some javascript for the sidebar utility buttons on the welcome page but that didn't pan out (see below). Overall in this class, I've leaned a lot about human-centered design and I see it (a bit of the good but mostly the bad) every time I visit a web page but my web development skills aren't quite good enough to put it into practice.

PART 2: I managed to implement the javascript and bring the schedule page to uniformity with the welcome page. I couldn't for the life of my figure out how to hide the side navigation while it is not being shown so there is all this extra space at the end of the page where the nav is hidden. I'm also not sure how to get the file and folder names updated so they are all lowercase as I have them on my end but when I push they don't change.

2. My team was the worst I've ever had. Osman was tasked with creating the class schedule page and made it using inline css and breaks and tables. He pushed it to the master two days before the due date so I had no time to edit it to make it fit with the theme. Drveshkumar was tasked with the html for the welcome page and came up short with some basic wireframe that didn't even include all the elements I had asked for. I also spent at least a half-hour walking him through git to merge his work into the master. I tasked them both with giving me a basic javascript template based on your class demo and they both copped out with excuses. I created the login page, heavily worked on the welcome page, and did all the css for those two pages.

PART 2: Following the extention I asked for Osman to redo the schedule page and remove inline CSS the <br> tags and add in the navigation and top plane from the welcome page. He seems to be capable of at least copying the stuff from the welcome page but the <br> tags and style remain. He didn't even bother to fix his tabbing. On top of that he created a completely new file and uploaded it in the wrong spot. I simply do not have time to style out the schedule and I've already done at least 80% of the work for the project so it is going in as-is. Drveshkumar has not contributed anything further since the last post. I was stuck doing the javascript on my own.
